Galaxy A10e: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, a stranger.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where are you now. Hi. Now that
Galaxy A10e: I'm well just here. I didn't realize I had meetings with you every week. I thought you were going to notify me when I have another one.
I didn't know. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No we hadn't we had them set for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly.
Galaxy A10e: Session. Okay, okay. I misunderstood that now I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what's going on.
Galaxy A10e: Everything's fine.
Galaxy A10e: Everything's going okay really great have been kind of hectic.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know, just, you know, a lot of things I have to, you have to get done all the month I minister.
Galaxy A10e: That
Galaxy A10e: I'm getting it.
Galaxy A10e: Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Started candles and you're struggling
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, yeah. I am with the dosage, it's
Galaxy A10e: Like a I still am having cravings and stuff.
Galaxy A10e: And so I like I was taking more what she gave me, then I guess I'm supposed to, to stop that. And so now I got to meet with her tomorrow.
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: I don't know, I guess. So probably increase um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and you know she'll I know that she'll definitely reiterate that it's important that we therapy goes along with your medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you so that you can learn some coping skills to be able to deal with those breakthrough cravings, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you eat long even long after Suboxone is gone and you're done. And off the program you'll have those triggers and those cravings. You've got to learn how to manage them to the best of your ability, right. So that's what you and I work, you and I get to do together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is really pay attention to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your thoughts which they can turn into the physical cravings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we've got we've got to attack the thoughts to begin with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get you away from the cravings and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Patricia. You have to remember that a craving it a thought about it in a craving has a beginning and a middle and an end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you allow it to end.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I understand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece to okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, so tell me what you're doing now, when you start craving.
Galaxy A10e: And I just heard of like you're busy doing something I know sometimes I'll go for a walk, just
Galaxy A10e: START A PROJECT at home, sitting on something, something like that. I don't know what else to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it helping
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, it helps them. But that's why I was also taking more of my medication and I was
Galaxy A10e: Supposed to be taking is it does, it does help when I did more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A de I'm sure that it does. And that's something that you'll work with with Dr. Candle. But in the meantime, what you and I are going to need to work on together is managing you know those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Helping you find ways to manage the stress that's going on in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then thoughts that are triggered by it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that we can we can kind of curb, you know, those who those cravings that come right up to those thoughts.
Galaxy A10e: That make sense, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And have you been engaging in any kind of self help meetings online.
Galaxy A10e: No, I haven't really I've been checking into it, but I haven't really found anything
Galaxy A10e: I don't know if I'm looking in the right spots to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's something that you and I can work on together to we can research together, you know, while we're in session find you know exactly what it is that will work for you because a and na don't work for everybody. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about finding what's going to work for you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and so there's another piece that you and I can can come back together.
In that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with that, you think about that, because with that sober support, you're going to then you have people that you're going to be able to call when you're when your thoughts are getting the best of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you're going to have that server support, you're going to be able to have people in recovery that you can turn to so that you can reach out and get out of your head.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just remember that you have a full life.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. You do you have a full life.
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you're looking. Who is he,
Galaxy A10e: Does that make sense.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I hadn't planned on this being usually I have it all arranged today. It was like, I didn't know I had this meeting. Then I also have an appointment. I got to take him to and like 20 minutes so it's all been real hectic.
Galaxy A10e: And I didn't want
Galaxy A10e: To mess up on this. So I was trying to arrange work to do all this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just remember also that you're not Superwoman.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know right yeah and take those moments when you can and will be off here in just a few minutes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to be out, you're going to get him to his appointment So Don't stress out there. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's gonna be able to get his stuff too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what I'm going to put you back on my schedule for Wednesdays at 330
Galaxy A10e: Or 30 my time. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me, let me look really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To double check. I don't want to tell you something that's not true. But I had you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 330s yeah so for 30 your time, your New Mexico right
Galaxy A10e: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay yeah 430 your time 330 my time and I have you scheduled every Wednesday at 330
Galaxy A10e: Oh. Everyone see okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and then I wasn't sure about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once, once you're once we get your recovery stable, then we can move it out, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we want to do some work, you know, and get what's going on up here under control. First
Galaxy A10e: Okay deal
Galaxy A10e: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. So take your son to his appointment and I will let Dr. King all know that you and I met. We've got a game plan in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and we're going to work on that. Alright.
Galaxy A10e: That sounds good. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Hey, smile.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a good day. Right. Yeah. The sun is shining and it's a good day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So breed. Don't forget to breathe. Okay. All right.
Galaxy A10e: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here.
Don't forget
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here for you.
Galaxy A10e: Thank you. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Good. All right.
Galaxy A10e: Bye Patricia
Okay.